= email_blacklist

Blacklist particular email addresses so ActionMailer doesn't deliver emails to them.

This is useful in a variety of situations:
* You can blacklist an entire domain.
* You can stop emails from being sent to users who have deactivated their accounts with your app.
* Any other reason you might want to stop emails from being sent...

When an email address is blacklisted, no ActionMailer emails will be sent to it, regardless of
if the email addresses is used for the to, cc or bcc fields.  However, if there are additional
email addresses on the same email that are not blacklisted, the email will still be sent to them.
If all email addresses for a particular email are blacklisted, the email will not be sent at all.

== Installation
  gem install email_blacklist --source http://gemcutter.org

== Configuration

Blacklisting is as easy as:

  EmailBlacklist::Config.blacklist do |email_address|
    # return true if emails should not be sent to this email address.
  end

The block you provide will be called with every email address used by any ActionMailer email.  This includes to, cc and bcc addresses.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Myron Marston. See LICENSE for details.
